Update jms doc to add some usages about IBM MQ Client (#5317)
apache/camel-quarkus: extensions/jms/runtime/src/main/doc/usage.adoc

[source,java]
----
@Produces
public ConnectionFactory createXAConnectionFactory(PooledJmsWrapper wrapper) {
    MQXAConnectionFactory mq = new MQXAConnectionFactory();
    try {
        mq.setHostName(ConfigProvider.getConfig().getValue("ibm.mq.host", String.class));
        mq.setPort(ConfigProvider.getConfig().getValue("ibm.mq.port", Integer.class));
        mq.setChannel(ConfigProvider.getConfig().getValue("ibm.mq.channel", String.class));
        mq.setQueueManager(ConfigProvider.getConfig().getValue("ibm.mq.queueManagerName", String.class));
        mq.setTransportType(WMQConstants.WMQ_CM_CLIENT);
        mq.setStringProperty(WMQConstants.USERID,
            ConfigProvider.getConfig().getValue("ibm.mq.user", String.class));
        mq.setStringProperty(WMQConstants.PASSWORD,
            ConfigProvider.getConfig().getValue("ibm.mq.password", String.class));
    } catch (Exception e) {
        throw new RuntimeException("Unable to create new IBM MQ connection factory", e);
    }
    return wrapper.wrapConnectionFactory(mq);
}
----

[NOTE]
====

> If you use `ibmmq-client` to consumer messages and enable XA, you needs to config `TransactionManager` in the camel router like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `ibmmq-client` to consume messages and enable XA, you need to configure `TransactionManager` in the camel route like this:
```

[source,java]
----
@Inject
TransactionManager transactionManager;

@Override
public void configure() throws Exception {
    from("jms:queue:DEV.QUEUE.XA?transactionManager=#jtaTransactionManager");
}

> @BindToRegistry("jtaTransactionManager")

Reviewer 2: @jamesnetherton @zhfeng 

Isn't it @Produces preffered over @BindToRegistry?

Author: OK, let me check it.

Author: It should be good to use `@Named`.
